ES|QL: Examples for FUSE with min score cutoff (#154435)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/query-languages/esql/_snippets/commands/layout/fuse.md

| FORK (WHERE title:"Shakespeare" | SORT _score DESC | LIMIT 100)  # Fork 1: Lexical search
       (WHERE semantic_title:"Shakespeare" | SORT _score DESC | LIMIT 100)  # Fork 2: Semantic search
| FUSE LINEAR WITH { "weights": { "fork1": 0.7, "fork2": 0.3 }, "normalizer": "minmax" }  # Weighted linear combination: 70% lexical, 30% semantic, with min-max normalization
| SORT _score DESC # Sort results by the new scores, since `FUSE` does not do any sorting.
```

> ### Minimum score cutoff

Reviewer: should we mention this in the introduction too?

> While `FUSE` is generally used for merging result sets, it can also be used for applying minimum score cutoff, to filter out low-quality or irrelevant results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `FUSE` is generally used for merging result sets, it can also be used to apply minimum score cutoffs, to filter out low-quality or irrelevant results.
```
